As a team, we feel that we worked really well as a team, stepping up our communication with one another as both the difficulty and effort required increased in this iteration. We preserved our previous mediums of communication which were in person meetings as well as Facebook Messenger chat, however we felt the need to incorporate a more appropriate form for situations where we had issues but could not meet in person. This new medium of communication was Skype. This allowed us to talk to one another which is much easier than typing, allowing us to get our thoughts out much easier. It also includes a feature which is ScreenShare, which allowed us to share our screen with the group, again being of major benefit to the task at hand. 

In terms of our in person meetings, we chose to meet at a minimum of twice per week, and allowed for optional extra meeting per week if we felt the need to. Our meetings were scheduled on the weekend and Wednesday, which coincides nicely with our class tute/lab which was really nice as everyone was already present. These days were chosen because they were as far enough apart as we could schedule, allowing us to actually work in between the meetings, meaning we could make progress and bring any new issues to attention by the time of the next scheduled meeting.

In order to make these meetings as fruitful as possible and not just meeting for the sake of it, we as a team agreed that we must all at the very least come to the meeting with what you have completed since the last meeting AND either an issue/clarification required for an aspect of the iteration OR, if everything was going swimmingly, a suggestion on the next steps in implementation of the task at hand. We found that these requirements set by us for us, were very successful in ensuring that every group member brought at least something to the table and was involved in the process of completing the project for our client. We definetly felt that this simple rule allowed for more useful and fruitful meetings.

In some cases some functions were worked on by multiple group memebers. For example, for the function message_send, a group member helped calrify and complete the extraction of the user_id from the token that was provided. As a group we avoided conflicts by simply being honest and clear when we encountered issues like these and asked for help from members who had more knowledge on how certain aspects worked. This method of asking other group members to look into particular problems also help the group itself better understand all components of the project and how they are all going to be connected; hence creating a better connection between the functions. 

In saying all this, not everything did go to plan in iteration 2 of this project. As a team, we struggled with a couple of the functions, namely the standup functions. We feel that we handled this hiccup really well and minimsed any conflicts, as we agreed to add this to our plan for iteration 3 when more information on the frontend of the project is available.

As a group we feel that this iteration has progressed well, both minimising any conflicts and implementing most of the functions required by our client.

Not too much changed in terms of our teamwork in iteration 3 of this project. We still scheduled a couple of meetings a week, however sometimes we would only meet once a week. This was because we felt that we were quite comfortable with each other at this point and were all okay with communicating online. In a sense we reserved in person meetings any major problems or concerns that we might have regarding the project. For example, at the end of iteration 2 and the start of iteration 3, we had a major change in our data structure, which resulted in the need to modify alot of our code. This was something we went over together in person, to make sure everyone was well aware of what was happening and could progress with their tasks with the all the important changes that took place in mind.

Similar to iteration 2, we again tried to work on our own functions and do our own testing with the frontend as much as possible, and only really every crossed over to different function if certain people were stuck or had major problems. For example, with the message_send function (which was not 100% working with the front end by the end of iteration 2), there was a crossover, where a group member helped diagnose and fix the issue which turned out to be an incorrect return statement structure.

Also, as a team we felt we communicated really well in terms of implemetning correct software engineering principles and minimising design smells. We would often suggest to each other where we could each improve on our functions in terms of readability and refactoring purposes. This proved to be beneficial to all of us as it was easier to diagnose any issues in scenarios where a crossover was required, as well as allowing all of us to re use certain bits of code that not originally refactored into helper functions. 

Overall, we feel that we have improved a great deal from the struggles we encountered in itertation 2. We also feel we have performed to a good standard in terms of the requirements outlined by Sally and Bob.